Su Tingyue, you try your best to hold on
Xiaoqing and Xiqing are still waiting for you at home
If you wake up
Let me tell you a secret.
You must hold on.
Su Mingyue Su Mingyue
If you die, I will steal it from the community and Xixi
Why save me
We are obviously just a cooperative relationship
Doctor, how is he? The patient didn't hit the nail on the head.
It has been rescued.
Don't worry, thank you doctor.
Thank you doctor
It's alright
You're awake
You wait for me to get you hot water
Mr. Lu, you are awake
Be careful, you've already been caught.
Mr. Lu, the test results you want are out.
The result shows
The blood relationship between these two children is 99.99%
Exactly what I thought
Mr. Lu has verified
The woman who appeared 5 years ago is not the lower heart ear
It's the face.